# Wikidata-Recommender-Dataset

Wikidata is an open knowledge graph built by a global community of volunteers. As it advances in scale, it faces substantial challenges around editor engagement. These challenges are both in terms of attracting new editors to keep up with the sheer amount of work, and in terms of retaining existing editors. Experience from other online communities and peer-production systems, including Wikipedia, suggests that personalised recommendations could help, especially newcomers, who are sometimes unsure about to contribute best to an ongoing effort. For this reason, in this paper, we propose a recommender system for Wikidata items. The system uses a neural network-based hybrid of content-based and collaborative filtering techniques to learn to rank items for editors, using item features as well as previous interactions between editors and items. To facilitate further research in this space, we also create two benchmark datasets, a general-purpose one with $220,000$ editors responsible for $14$ million interactions with $4$ million items, and a second one focusing on the contributions of more than $8,000$ more active editors. We perform an offline evaluation of the system on both datasets with promising results. 

The code and datasets hosted in this repo have been created for researchers and data scienctists who are working in the recommendaton system domain and would like to benchmark using new dataset curated and created in a well-format from messy real-world application (Wikidata).
